# 411_Team_Project
Team Members: Benjamin Borden, DoJun Park, Mckenzie Joyce, Tommy Lam, Vanessa Shuweh

Pitch #1
CityCost - User enters information on where they will live, how long they’ll live there, and whether they’ll need transportation and/or housing and CityCost calculates the total cost of living in that city for that period of time. We intend on using the Zillow API in order to determine the average housing cost of an area and use the Walkscore API to determine the type of transportation costs the individual would face in that city. The app will use that information to calculate the cost of basic living expenses in that area for that period of time. The use case is for students with internships that need to determine if they have enough money to pay for the basic necessities during their internships or students looking for the average cost of off campus housing. Additional features we’d like to add if we have time are calculating the difference in cost for living within walking/driving distance, determining if living in the area is to expensive for a certain hourly wage, and showing the costs of living in a studio, one bedroom apartment, one bed of two bedroom apartment, etc. 

Pitch #2
CyberStalk - User enters a name and Cyberstalk attempts to retrieve all the information it can that is publically available about that person on social media. The app would utilize social media APIs to pull in information on the individual to make a compilation of information available to the public which that person has the ability to hide into a single report. This would be useful for job/school applicants trying to monitor their online image. If we have extra time/resources we’d also like to make an interface which easily allow the individual to login and hide the information being displayed with a minimal amount of clicks.
