
As a new user, Jimmy will be greeted with a page asking him login or create an account, Jimmy needs to create an account and provide a email address and a password. Once entered, Jimmy will click a button to move forward so that the application creates his account. If the same email address has not been used for another account, then the page will tell him that the account was successfully created and redirect him to the home page to login. If not, then the attempt will be wiped from the text boxes and a message that the the email is already taken will be displayed.

As a returning user, Jimmy will come to the web app’s home page which has the options to login or create an account. Jimmy will need to press login and be redirected to a page where he can enter the credentials to login. Once Jimmy has entered the credentials, if the email or password is incorrect, then they will be told that the credentials are invalid and the attempt will be wiped from the text boxes. If the credentials match a user, Jimmy will be redirected so that he is on the logged-in home page.

As a logged in user on the logged-in home page, Jimmy should be able to enter the location he wants to check the price of living in into a text box, and input with a series of checkboxes whether he will need housing and/or food as well the length of stay in the city, and the amount of money he has saved up and the amount he will earn so that the application returns how much it would cost for various living arrangements in that city for his living situation and whether that is within his means. 


As a college student, I want to estimate the price of living in an area so that I can plan my expenses for my internship.
Once having entered the site, the user will input the location, time frame and method of transportation they wish to inquire about a certain area. If any of the user’s inputs are invalid the application will ask that the user check their spelling and re-input the information needed. CityCost will proceed to gather the information and display the basic living expenses of the desired area for the allotted time. In addition, the user will be giving the choice to include hourly wages and the CityCost will calculate if the living expenses for the area can be supported by the user’s income and provide recommendations on various living layouts such as studios, one bedroom apartments, etc. And lastly, user’s will have the option to create an account using an email and password to save their profiles which will include their name, date of birth, address, and phone number. CityCost will use their profiles to save search history and any search results the users favorite.
